and I decided to go to Spain because I knew that
there in europe and there were more opportunities
that here in bolivia
I decided to go to work to get ahead
to my son
I left Bolivia 8 years ago what
missed more than bolivia is my family
my parents my brothers
I had very difficult moments, especially
solitude away from my family
have the support of my father or my mother
my family my country my people that's what
I miss most of all my son
strangers and your land your people your
customs your food
mark a gap in life
the tigo contest I found out about me
son he told me mom there's a possibility
that can go up the contest is called
The best gift is you when you have me
that win the pri I get water in each of
joy I read I had not I did not know who with
such an operation was here I already fell
the tears feel a satisfaction
because it was what I most wanted in life
when missing all day for the
trip to a higher number I had never had
imagined spending this Christmas with my
family
good the wait of the trip is very hard
because you say I'm going to do what I'll say
that I will tell how my reaction will be
family one thinks I can not do the
I find you do not want to be
exhaust in detail
I'm not going to hug him I 'm going to hug him
get tired and I will not get tired of hugging
you know you're going to see your family and how
that the media betray you
anxious I thought a lot about the prayer of
my mother is not going to come out our hand to
to see the mail we can not know how to be
united on this date so it's like
During Christmas
and cried I was excited to see it is all
my life my life is my little boy
my soul
when I saw my father cry was what
it took me a lot to the heart can
feel like I missed
you feel that maybe it's not worth being
so far from them
go through the door and see the woman who
has given you life 14 years that nothing
I think I'm flying in the air of
just to know that I'm with my son this is
the best gift that I could have given
the contest is the best gift you are
turn but in reality the best gift
I have received I
We thank our channels for
share this family reunion
international recharge type shorten the
distances with your loved ones smile
you have exact